The Social Network describes how Facebook was started by the accident that Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) made when he created an internet site in an attempt to release his anger at Erica Albright (Rooney Mara), his ex-girlfriend who just dumped him that night. Mark certainly would not have thought that the site he created would get a lot of attention from all Harvard University students. Aaron Sorkin's script is fantastic. The story he wrote was not only about the process of the formation of Facebook and the various problems that befell its founder as the social networking site grew in popularity. In more depth, The Social Network is able to touch various issues regarding ambition, hope, friendship, betrayal and revenge in the course of the story. In this study, the author will focus on aspects of the characters' character and moral values. Character or character in a story is a form of giving character to a certain character to provide confirmation and explain the psychological picture of what the actual character intended in a story is. Character can influence behavior, and behavior manifests itself in behavior. However, a person's behavior can be regulated and shaped, depending on the environment in which the human being lives and interacts. When it comes to personality and character, Mark Zuckerberg's strengths that are highlighted in this film are his excellent temperament or self-management.
In this film we can see Zuckerberg's self-control or temperance who has to face various demands from parties who want to bring him and his Facebook down. Zuckerberg is very clever in dealing with these demands with a brilliant attitude so that no fault can be blamed on him. In addition, the character that is highlighted is Zuckerberg's entrepreneurial spirit. In this film, it is shown that Zuckerberg was able to build his Facebook company to the success it is today. Zuckerberg's management skills and creativity in running the company are also shown.
The film opens with a scene where Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eissenberg) is having dinner with his girlfriend, Erica Albright (Rooney Mara). The dinner was not a success and instead made Mark dumped by his girlfriend. soon wrote about Erica on her blog. There he equates Erica with farm animals, lowers her IQ, and all sorts of things that vilify Erica. Most of the students read the blog. Erica learned about the contents of Mark's blog from a friend. Furthermore, Mark wanted to create a website that could measure the attractiveness of Harvard students. download pictures and names of Harvard students. In his attempt to hack it, Mark is assisted by Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield). Together with Eduardo, Mark created a website called FaceMash. FaceMash can be used by Harvard students to compare students with one another. As a result of his making a website and hacking the database of the dormitories, he was sentenced to 6 months of academic probation after his website traffic caused the Harvard network to decline. In addition, Mark became the man most hated by Harvard students. However, the popularity of FaceMash which was only made overnight has attracted the attention of Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss (both played by Armie Hammer) who are identical twins. , and Divya Narendra (Max Minghella). The three of them are also Harvard students. The Winklevoss twins ask Mark to be a programmer on their website, Harvard Connection. Not long after, Mark expressed his desire to create a social networking site specifically for use by Harvard students, which he named Thefacebook, to Eduardo. He explained to Eduardo that later on Thefacebook someone could share their personal information safely. Eduardo agreed with Mark's idea and he was willing to help Mark build the Thefacebook website. Eduardo helped financially, he donated several thousand dollars to Mark. Only Within a few days, Mark was finally able to finish the website. Then he immediately put Thefacebook online with Eduardo. Thefacebook began to show progress in its users.